make more explicit the need to recompile go-pluginserver (#1775)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/2.0.x/go.md

* A Kong development environment as usual.
* A Go development environment.

> * A go-pluginserver executable built with the same compiler and libraries.  The easiest way is to get it from source (`go get github.com/Kong/go-pluginserver`) and copy the new executable (found in `$GOPATH/bin` or `$(go env GOPATH)/bin`) to `/usr/local/bin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A go-pluginserver executable built with the same compiler and libraries.  The most direct way is to get it from source (`go get github.com/Kong/go-pluginserver`) and copy the new executable (found in `$GOPATH/bin` or `$(go env GOPATH)/bin`) to `/usr/local/bin`.
```

> * A go-pluginserver executable built with the same compiler and libraries.  The most direct way is to get it from source (`go get github.com/Kong/go-pluginserver`) and copy the new executable (found in `$GOPATH/bin` or `$(go env GOPATH)/bin`) to `/usr/local/bin`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A `go-pluginserver` executable built with the same compiler and libraries.  The most direct way is to get it from source with `go get github.com/Kong/go-pluginserver`
* Copy the new executable to `/usr/local/bin`, with `cp $(go env GOPATH)/bin/go-pluginserver /usr/local/bin`. Alternatively, you can specify the `go_pluginserver_exe` property with the path to the `go-pluginserver` binary
```
